Privacy Policy 
　　Important instructions, please read carefully.
　　Zhuhai Pantum Electronics Co., Ltd ("PANTUM", "WE") and PANTUM’s affiliates （PANTUM’s affiliates shall mean any enterprise which directly or indirectly controls or is controlled by PANTUM or which has a material influence relationship with PANTUM, including but not limited to PANTUM’s subsidiaries, branches, and controlling shareholders), and PANTUM’s distributors or dealers, and the authorized service providers of PANTUM (authorized service providers of PANTUM shall mean any entity, which is authorized by PANTUM at present or in future to conduct service offering for PANTUM’s customers) understand how important your privacy is to you and are fully committed to protecting it. We would like to inform you about the way we collect and process your personal data and information through this Privacy Policy ("this Policy"). 
　　PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS POLICY APPLIES TO THE WEBSITE/SYSTEM/SOFTWARE. IF YOU DO NOT READ AND UNDERSTAND THIS POLICY, OR/AND IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THIS POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS, USE, OR BROWSE THE WEBSITE/SYSTEM/SOFTWARE, AND DO NOT PROVIDE THE WEBSITE/SYSTEM/SOFTWARE WITH ANY OF YOUR PERSONAL IMFORMATION. IN ADDITTION, WE RESERCE THE RIGHT TO REQUIRE YOUR EXPRESS CONSENT TO ACCEPT THIS POLICY, AND IF YOU REFUSE TO MAKE THIS CONSENT, YOU MAY BE NOT ALLOWED TO ACCESS TO THE WEBSITE/SYSTEM/SOFTWARE. 
　　
1. Collection and Procession of Personal Information
1.1 When providing services for you, the website/system/software/WE may collect, process or/and store your personal information or/and the personal information of natural persons that you have the right to dispose legally (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Your Personal Information").
1.2 This website/system/software/WE will only collect Your Personal Information which is required for providing services to you. 
1.3 This website/system/software/WE may use and process Your Personal Information for the purpose of providing services to you.
1.4 If you do not provide aforesaid required information, it may prevent your use of or affect your normal use of our services. 

2. Information Disclosure
2.1 For the purpose of providing the services you need, you agree that WE may disclose Your Personal Information to the following entities:
　　●PANTUM’s affiliates;
　　●PANTUM’s distributors or dealers;
　　●Authorized service providers of PANTUM; 
　　●Other parties in connection with corporate transactions. WE may disclose your information to a third party as part of a merger or transfer. 

2.2 You agree that WE may disclose Your Personal Information in the following conditions:
　　●to comply with the law or respond to compulsory legal process (such as a search warrant or other court order);
　　●to protect the legitimate rights and interests, or safety of PANTUM, PANTUM’s Affiliates, PANTUM’s business partners, authorized service providers of PANTUM or PANTUM’s customers. This article may be invalid in some countries (regions) or jurisdictions, yet this article may not be applicable to you;
　　●to share Your Personal Information with a third party with your consent or according to your request. 

2.3 Where necessary, information that the website/system/software/WE collect may be stored, processed in, and transferred between any of the countries in which WE operate our business so that WE may be able to use such information to provide services to you in accordance with this Policy. You expressly agree to such transfers of Your Personal Information.  

3. Accessing, Modification, Renewal and Deletion of Personal Information
　　3.1 You have the right to access, modify, renew and delete Your Personal Information that you have provided to the website/system/software/ PANTUM at any time. But you are aware that your modification or/and deletion of Your Personal Information may influence the services acquiring from the website/system/software/ PANTUM. The scope and way which you access, modify, renew and delete Your Personal Information will depend on the specific PANTUM’s products and services you use.
　　3.2 Others
　　3.2.1 If you are unable/ not successful to access, modify or delete Your Personal Information through locally operating the system, please send your relevant needs and questions to our email address, and WE will respond to you as soon as possible.
　　3.2.2 If you want to further through the way of direct contact with us to access, modify or delete Your Personal Information that WE have collected and stored, please send your relevant requirements to our email address, and WE will respond to your needs as soon as possible. However, please note that if WE have not actually collected or/and stored Your Personal Information, WE will not be able to meet your above requests, but WE will reply to you within a reasonable period of time.
　　3.2.3 When you access, modify or delete Your Personal Information, WE may ask you for authenticate to protect the security of your account or/and information.
　　3.2.4 WE may periodically review all information that we have collected and unilaterally remove the information that is not necessary for providing services to you. 

4. Withdrawal of Consent 
　　You have the right to withdraw a previously given consent for processing of Your Personal Information, and if you decide to do so you could inform us through sending e-mails to us. WE will stop the processing of Your Personal Information that was based on your consent provided earlier. But please know that your withdrawal of consent may influence the services acquiring from us. 

5. Your Choice
　　PANTUM may provide you the opportunity to choose whether Your Personal Information is to be used for a purpose other than the purpose for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you. 
　　
6. Protection of Your Personal Information
　　To protect against unauthorized access, misuse, disclosure, or alteration of Your Personal Information, PANTUM utilizes reasonable and appropriate physical, technical, and administrative procedures to safeguard the information WE collect and process. However, please note that although WE take reasonable steps to protect your information, no website, Internet transmission, computer system or wireless connection is completely secure. 
　　
7. Children's Privacy
　　PANTUM does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 (or equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction) and its websites do not target children under 13 (or equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction). If WE learn that a child under the age of 13(or equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction) has provided us with personal information, WE will delete it in accordance with applicable law.

8. Links to Other Websites
　　Some pages on this website / system / software may contain links to third party web pages / systems / software. PANTUM does not support or control the privacy behavior or content of these web pages / systems / software. WE recommend that you carefully read every privacy policy of the third website / system / software you visit.
　　
9. Further information
　　Our email address is info@pantum.com. If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Policy, please let us know by e-mails.

10. Application of Law and Dispute Resolution
　　10.1 This Policy is governed by the laws of the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan).
　　10.2 After you agree to be bound by this Policy, any dispute between you and PANTUM arising from this Policy shall be settled by both parties through friendly negotiation. If the negotiation fails, either party shall have the right to file a lawsuit to the court with jurisdiction in the place where PANTUM is located.

11. Severability
　　If any provision of this Policy, in whole or in part, is declared illegal or unenforceable by any court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction, such provision shall be severable and independent of the other provisions of this Policy and shall be deemed invalid within the jurisdiction of such court or tribunal, but the validity of all other provisions and the entire Policy shall not be affected. 
　　
12. Changes to this Policy
　　In order to provide you with better services and with the development of our business, PANTUM will timely update this Policy. However, after you accept the Policy, without your explicit consent, WE will not reduce your rights as stipulated in the version of the Privacy Policy which you have accepted. WE will issue the updated version of Privacy Policy the on the official website of PANTUM, and please visit the official website of PANTUM to keep abreast of the latest privacy policy. 
